Feel of gameplay:
Steampunk, pyschological thriller. Song/spell mechanic. Good/evil songs (good songs heal, evil songs kill).

Who is Tone?
She is shy because she is a secret, not many people know she even exists. She was a 'pet project' of Devyn's. Devyn is the only person that tone knows. This makes a mother-daughter bond between Devyn and Tone. There is a longing for Tone to be with 'her mother'. She is curious, and childlike. She is inable to speak.

Who is Devyn?
Devyn is a 'closet mom'. She is a dedicated/addicted researcher. Devyn is a badass, definitely not timid. She knows her way around a weapon, and favors a rifle, of which she owns a few. Devyn's focus throughout the entire game, leading upto her own personal realization, is to keep/protect Tone from the Shadow organization, not to defend Tone, but to protect her research. There is an underlying maternal bond that Devyn does not realize at first. She sees Tone as a research project. She is devoted to her project. She loves Tone as a creation of hers. She doesn't initially understand it as a maternal bond, but more of a researcher's love of her work. Upon the ending of the story, Devyn finally realizes her love of Tone. Devyn was able to create Tone because she was so devoted and loving of her project, that it created a bond as strong as that of a mother's to her unborn baby. This enabled Tone to become a true, fully realized golem, imparted with part of Devyn's soul.

Golemology: Infusing one's soul into an inanimate object to bring it life. Tone is the most succesfully, and fully recognized golem that has ever been created, making her an enigma. Other attempts have been made to create golems, at times, somewhat succesful, but never truly realized. When a golem is created, the creator gives part of their soul to the golem. This makes the golem 'half of a person' in a sense.

Shadow(evil) Organization: Somewhat stereotypical in the sense that golemology would be used to successfully create a golem Army to rule everything.